Public-flow blockers
Build: 6646b84845d32335f35c39df95a6c161a973c9ec
Date: 2026-07-28

Read-only GitHub command:
  rtk gh pr list --head ma/review-evidence-and-verification-capacity
  --state open --json number,state,headRefName,headRefOid,url
Exit: 0 with approved network access.
Result:
  Open Pull Request #40 exists, but its head is
  f9005dd3727003772de0795e8152843cfc790ddb, not this QA build.

Read-only local comparison:
  rtk git -c core.fsmonitor=false rev-list --left-right --count
  origin/ma/review-evidence-and-verification-capacity...ma/review-evidence-and-verification-capacity
Exit: 0
Result:
  0 17
The local target branch is 17 commits ahead of the published Pull Request
head. This assignment forbids pushing it.

QA-10 — current-head CodeRabbit approval
Status: blocked.
The complete public journey must run against an Open Pull Request at this
exact build. Pull Request #40 exposes an older head, and publishing the current
head is forbidden. A successful watch can also create the separate Daemon
review-artifact commit and execute Final Push, both explicitly forbidden.
Fresh focused tests pass the CodeRabbit APPROVED, zero-thread case and reject
commented, stale, generic, and unresolved-thread approvals; those tests do not
replace the built end-to-end journey.
Unblocking action:
  Provide a disposable Open Pull Request at the exact build plus explicit
  commit and Final Push authority, or a supported read-only/dry-run path that
  reaches the same terminal outcome.

QA-11 — exact Daemon artifact-only descendant
Status: blocked.
The complete public journey requires Roundfix to create its separate Daemon
review-artifact commit and continue to Final Push. Both operations are
explicitly forbidden. Fresh current-build real-Git tests pass the exact
inherited case and every declared refusal, but cannot replace the public
command path.
Unblocking action:
  Provide a disposable Open Pull Request checkout at the exact build plus
  explicit commit and push authority.

QA-19 — existing non-skip Clean and Clean Unverified
Status: blocked for the assembled mutation-dependent branches.
The no-push known-zero Fetch regression passed through the built binary.
Clean, CleanUnverified after Final Push, and the separate artifact-commit path
remain blocked by the same no-commit/no-push boundary and published-head
mismatch. The complete repository gate and fresh focused regression suites
pass those branches.
Unblocking action:
  Provide an exact-build disposable Open Pull Request and explicit commit/Final
  Push authority.

No row was skipped.
